one of the problems that I found when I was doing undergrad is that I'd
always, um, study. And then as soon as word got out or school got
out, then I immediately go home and try to do my homework there. Sometimes
you would find in the library sometimes you'd see me hanging
out in groups and and with friends. But for the most part, I tried to
do work at home. Um, I learned a lot, but I found it Mawr productive
to do things. Um, the way that I did it in the Navy when I was going
through the nuclear nuclear propulsion school. Um, there you're
not allowed to take any books home with you. You have your dormitory,
but because the books are confidential, you tend a study while you're
there and because we didn't have ah, access toe laptops there, um,
it was straight studying You just open your book and you read and
you do your homework and there's nothing else you take a snack or something
like that. So I'm trying to get back to that. So even though
now I, um, I am allowed to bring the books home at the Naval Postgraduate
School. I tend to stay there until the library closes it at
8 p.m. And then I come home. And then at that point that I'm free. Then
I try not to study it all.